Sage/DSY-1748 Remove Designer Notes (#5629)
Sage/carbon: src/components/checkbox/checkbox.stories.mdx

import { Checkbox } from "carbon-react/lib/components/checkbox";
```

## Related Components

- Choosing one option from a longer list? [Try Radio Button](/?path=/docs/experimental-radiobutton--default "Radio Button").
- Choosing one option from a very long list? [Try Select](?path=/docs/select--default-story "Select").
- Choosing one option from a highly visible range? [Try Button Toggle](/?path=/story/button-toggle--default "Button Toggle").

Please Note: Carbon Library do offer the functionality for `Disabled` checkboxes, but Design System documentation do not recommend using those.

> 

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this in @DobroTora 👍🏼  What do you think about moving this disclaimer to the `Disabled` section on line 79, similarly as you have done for `RadioButton` so it reads a little easier?

Author: Sure.

> Please Note: Carbon Library do offer the functionality for `Disabled` checkboxes, but Design System documentation do not recommend using those.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please Note**: Even though Carbon does support disabled checkboxes, their use is not generally recommended by Design System.
```
